What I think... what I always think, is it could be either. 
Because of course it sounds unlikely, but at the same time, 
that's exactly the kind of true thing they would pick. If he just said, 
'At Christmas, we would have mince pies', then you go, 'Well, that sounds true. 
Yes, true.' What a merry show that would be. But no, they've got to pick something 
that's either a lie or a true thing that might as well be a lie because it's so 
unlikely. And it's finding that distinction that apparently is the point of this 
section of my life.

Get to the point is not an exhortation you can fairly make during a parlor game! 
There is no point! This is a pointless exercise! We are whiling away our finite 
time before the grave.

I very rarely read the responses to my Salon pieces, 
because (as you may have noticed) the trolls can be SO evil. 
So violent in their hostility to me and my work. OK, wait, wait, wait. 
That's a lie. I do read the responses and get mesmerized, like cobra hypnosis. 
But I laugh (mostly) at the trolls, and think about what tiny little weenies 
they must have. (They seem to be mostly men.) And then ALL these smart, 
funny people leap to my defense, which is medicine, and fills me with love 
and thankfulness.

Lee, if that iPod thing is true, you're not the man I thought you were, 
and that's the price you'll pay for this petty victory.

Yeah, it's gonna taste of ginger, not of that bitch. Y'know, ginger 
is a recognised pleasant flavour. She's a recognised arsehole. That's — 
that's totally different. People who like ginger enough to be able to stomach 
the sight of her face while they eat it — I can believe those people exist. 
So that's definitely become a lot more plausible. Suddenly you're saying that 
"Ice cream the flavour of a woman who's undergone loads of surgery, is obsessed 
with money and for some reason considers herself witty"? No, no, no! Ginger ice 
cream with a picture of that bitch — yes!

How are [the Tories] ever going to get back into office? Are they trying? 
Is it match-fixing? Is someone bribing them to be terrible at politics? Mike Read! 
Ten minutes! Rapping?! What the fuck is that?! Democracy -- in this country -- 
The reason Tony Blair can start wars for no- you know, without asking people - 
is that there's no opposition! It's their fault! It's Mike Read's fault! 
The deaths of our servicemen are on his conscience!

Are there other cards in here like, y'know: "you have 19 different names for 
your grandmother." "What are they?" "Uh, granny, nan, uh uh..." A five-point 
plan for how to survive in prison? I've got no idea how to survive in prison! 
Don't go to prison! Only commit crimes you can get away with! That was horrible.

At the moment of shoulder pain, the moment when your shoulder has been bruised, 
possibly shattered by the coconut, you think "I must keep that for anecdotal 
reasons!" I don't want to be rude, but "This is a coconut. It fell off a tree, 
hit me on the shoulder, but obviously if it had hit me on the head in the right 
place I might have died" is not as interesting a story as perhaps you think, 
and might actually elicit the response, "If only it had." 

Right - I don't believe that. No way in the world you've had a car for two weeks 
that can't turn right- do I look like a simpleton!?- don't answer that! 
You cannot drive a car- you'd be going around the one-way system forever, 
you lunatic!

Can I just say, to the idiots that come up with these questions — 
as if it's not hard enough that I put little stickers on a map, because 
I fill up and I like to keep track — you think, "Oh no, how can we make it harder?" 
We'll have four of them with blue on, one with an F, and one with a bloody asterisk! 
How the hell am I supposed to do that? Why don't you just stick one in the middle 
of the Atlantic Ocean?